Move i18n package under the product repository - master (#9826)
IgniteUI/igniteui-angular: projects/igniteui-angular-i18n/README.md

# igniteui-angular-i18n

## Purpose

> This package stores resource strings for the Ignite UI for Angular `i18n`. The English resource strings and the interfaces for each localizable component's `resourceStrings` property are stored in the [Ignite UI for Angular](https://github.com/IgniteUI/igniteui-angular) repository. The interfaces can be used as a schema for creating custom resource strings.

Reviewer: >property are stored in the [Ignite UI for Angular](https://github.com/IgniteUI/igniteui-angular) repository
Kind of not accurate anymore, more like in the main igniteui-angular project/pacakge? The link I guess can be the same since this readme is also used in npm.
I think this also desperately needs a link to the localization docs for usage instructions :) And maybe a link to the repo it was moved from at the end, though not really that big of a deal

## Purpose

This package stores resource strings for the Ignite UI for Angular `i18n`. The English resource strings and the interfaces for each localizable component's `resourceStrings` property are stored in the Ignite UI for Angular [project](https://github.com/IgniteUI/igniteui-angular) / [package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/igniteui-angular). The interfaces can be used as a schema for creating custom resource strings.

## File Usage

An npm package will be produced and it could be referenced alongside with the igniteui-angular in the clients' projects.

> [Localization (18n)](https://www.infragistics.com/products/ignite-ui-angular/angular/components/general/localization) sample can be found alongside Ignite UI for Angular samples.

Reviewer: It's documentation not samples (those are just part of it) :)
```suggestion
For usage details and examples see out [Ignite UI for Angular Localization (i18n)](https://www.infragistics.com/products/ignite-ui-angular/angular/components/general/localization) documentation.
```

> ## Old location
> This package used to be under the [igniteui-angular-i18n](https://github.com/IgniteUI/igniteui-angular-i18n) repository. It will no longer be used and maintained. All new feature and development will be under it's [new location](https://github.com/IgniteUI/igniteui-angular).

Reviewer: Yeah that's a bit much for a footnote, especially the 'no longer used and maintained' part can give the wrong impression - the package is very much maintained, just the source moved. So either a note:
```suggestion
> Note: The source for the package has been moved to this repository from [igniteui-angular-i18n](https://github.com/IgniteUI/igniteui-angular-i18n) which will remain archived for history reference.
```
